you
well it's been a slow day today we
didn't find much at that old home site
wash we didn't find anything not even a
coin but always come back to my backyard
from the tact if I can't find something
okay just got a pocketknife
the old one had wood handles write it
off there's part of the blade there
that's cool and last year about right
there somewhere I dug a buffalo nickel
that's a good fun best part of the day
at least so cool I guess I'll keep on
digging multiple targets in the same
hole in my dad's yard just got a button
here now to iron but there's a little
signal not much okay guys signal here
and dug the hole and the pinpointing was
a little off but here it is I'm I'm sure
if it's a calling
it's like one but it's just so corroded
gave a pull-tab single now it's showing
up as a 32
I'm not sure what that is take my last
hole right there I'm gonna walk a few
feet well ten feet get a pull-tab signal
forty-two and there it is it's a button
always dig pull-tabs
cuz you missing stuff even gold coins so
cool not very old but I'll take it
that last thing I found was a pin of
some type see if I can find it
had a pin on it so that was cool to see
things lots more okay I'm down here to
Teton and folks I gotta oh hi oh
American veterans dog tag we're just
able to American veterans whatever you
can see it there and there's ants coming
out everywhere but you can see the nails
in the hole I didn't seem to bother my
detector at all yeah there it is that's
like my fourth one I found them maybe
you are here they all say the same thing
on them so cool they covered this whole
little quick
yeah keep on digging okay just got a
signal here and it's a key on edge I
found it on edge it gave a good signal
to its old key so cool
that's about the fortieth key I found in
my dad's yard lots of keys signal here
haven't even found it yet but I was
digging the hole I've got a marble and
kind of lost track on marbles but might
be my 42nd my dad's yard listen not look
that old but uh it's a good father
a little water nozzle so that was cool
fine well I was sitting beside this
fence post here there's a building I
found this looks like it says spoke your
spoke that's a weird time for anything
else at all I get a signal about three
inches beside it shows up as a 56 and I
got a spoon now this ain't a new spoon
this is a older spoon here wow I got
ants on me found lots of stuff in my
backyard
cool okay I found the best things in the
woods I just got a 16 signal that's on
and it overloaded so I dug it more on
top of the ground no see where I hid my
shovel
it's a pocketknife Pro cast cool that
wasn't mine either
sure why here's my Fonz I found today
it's all of them cept that new
pocketknife I found I gave it to my dad
it was his I've got a little toy gun
here I could have dropped that but I'm
not sure I had one just like it but it
does look kind of old so that was a good
fun I've got a water nozzle it's the old
one aluminum cow old pocketknife they're
a marble a pin it's missing the back or
the pin part that little button a broken
key iron blue-jean button aluminum
disabled american veterans dog tag
Cincinnati Ohio it's my fourth one I
found in my backyard and I got a spoon
there's the back so I did pretty good
for my backyard so that's my Fonz